Subtitles by explosiveskull
Hey, kid.
-They're ready for you.
-Shit.
You might want to go clean up first.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Time's up, JD. Let's go!
Right this way, JD. Have a seat.
So, Betty, why don't you tell us
exactly what happened?
Gladly.
I went with JD to Butcher's Bridge
at approximately 9:08 p.m.
It was there that he tried to kiss me.
I pushed him away.
Then he attacked me.
Luckily, I escaped.
Then he...
Then he chased me through the woods,
ending in my backyard,
where he attacked me again.
Obviously, he didn't succeed.
I'd say he stumbled away
somewhere between 9:47 and 9:49.
So... you were with a boy.
Alone.
At night?
This handsome young man
tried to kiss you?
Yes, he tried to kiss me.
-Why is that so hard to believe?
-Betty.
Betty's been going through a lot lately.
She got an A minus.
Are you sure you didn't do something
to make JD think it was okay?
She went somewhere alone with him.
I don't know what else
he's supposed to think.
-And dressed like that.
-That is not the point!
The point is that he is a psychopath
who tried to make out with me
and then kill me.
Betty, sexual assault
-is a very serious accusation.
-Yeah!
And Betty,
we've all seen JD's girlfriend.
-Oh, Veronica.
-She's the one who brought you in?
Betty's always been
a bit jealous of her.
You know, she reminds me
of a young Grace Kelly.
Okay, can we please just focus
on the issue at hand here?
I am reporting an assault.
Betty, we're just talking
about attempted murder here.
-No need to get dramatic.
-JD attacked me!
That... that's the issue!
Doesn't look like he attacked you.
You look fine.
Betty, look what you did
to this poor young boy.
I mean, you need some Neosporin on that.
I think I have some in my purse.
-Mom! No!
-JD?
You want to tell your side?
Look at that, Betty.
He's too shaken up to talk.
So, Betty, let me break this down.
You went to Butcher's Bridge alone with
a boy who is your friend's boyfriend,
and then this boy right here
made a pass at you.
-Then he attacked you...
-Yes.
-But he's the one all beat up?
-Yeah, because I kicked his ass!
-Betty, language.
-Betty?
Are you sure that's what happened?
Yes.
God.
Then why would his girlfriend tell me
she was with him all night?
-What?
-She just left the station.
They were in a car accident.
Our boys were at the scene.
He got real banged up.
What?! No, no. This is insane!
Well, that we can agree on.
Mr. and Mrs. Finn,
I'm sure your daughter's a good kid,
and if Mr. Dean here will agree
not to press charges,
we can all make our separate--
I am the one who wants
to press charges here!
Don't be ungrateful. Please thank JD.
This isn't over, you sicko!
Bastard! The truth will come out!
No, let go of me! I'm telling the truth.
-She got an A minus.
-I'm telling you, he's lying!
-Come on, come on, sweetie.
-We're gonna go.
Let's go.
So then, am I free to go?
I'm so sorry, JD.
It's... it's fine.
I just hope that Betty
gets the help that she needs.
I do, too.
Bud.
Oh, Jesus.
JD? Hi. Did you hear?
Betty Finn's parents
sent her off to military school
under mysterious circumstances,
which means I'll probably
be valedictorian now!
Why did my dad give me
these thick thighs?
I've tried everything. I've tried
thigh corsets, giving up solid food.
I even slept in boxers
soaked in apple cider vinegar.
I heard he was with Betty.
Betty couldn't handle the pressure.
-She got an A minus.
-A minuses will do that to you.
If I was her, and that handicapped,
I would kill myself.
That is so...
Betty Finn wasn't in my Spanish class.
I heard Betty snorted
a bunch of poppers, and then bam!
Fell face-first into
her mom's prized rosebush.
Dope.
What the hell?
Thus, Founder's Day celebrates
how General Westerburg
promised some tribe peace
in exchange for Little Feather,
the slurpiest of their squaws,
but then slaughtered them all anyway.
Except for Little Feather, so it's
actually kind of an epic love story.
And then the general took Little Feather
on a European tour,
parading her ass as a civilized savage.
But tragedy struck,
and she caught syphilis
and died before they got to France.
So, I guess the moral of the story is
if you're gonna let your man step out
on you and give you a deadly STD,
at least wait until after Paris.
Merci.
Unbelievable.
Meet me at lunch? Great.
Betty Finn?
No.
Word on the street is drugs.
She was ganked up on that good-good
every which way till Sunday.
Then I say good riddance.
We don't need her brand of
negative energy here at Westerburg.
You know, I suggest we take a moment
and sit with the fact that we
haven't had a suicide in nine days.
-This is why we do this
-Jesus Christ.
...clearly the message of my musical,
Teenage Suicide: Don't Do It,
is reaching the youths.
Well, I don't know
if a silly little play...
Pauline, this kind of thing
is exactly why Richard left you.
Excuse me, but Helen Hippinowski's
whore ass is why Richard left me.
Be an example, okay? Session's over.
-Maurice.
-Hi, how are you?
No skating inside, please.
Veronica.
I texted you.
What, no smile today?
Sorry, just a lot of homework.
Okay, well, I think we're good.
They didn't believe Betty, so...
How just.
Babe, what's wrong?
Nothing.
I told you, I did it for you.
I do everything for you.
I know.
See you later?
It's going so well.
Juilliard is sending a scout
to opening night.
-No way.
-Yeah.
I want to keep my options open,
though, you know?
-Sure.
-Of course.
Hey.
We need to have a little tête-à-tête.
All right, you psycho.
I'm cashing in my chips.
You owe me a big, fat favor.
Do I?
I want Lizzy gone.
She got the lead in the play, and worse,
she tarnished my personal brand.
Pass.
What?
You know what I've been
thinking lately, Heather?
I've been thinking
I might be invincible.
Like, I could get away with anything.
And as I recall,
I already got away
with killing you once.
There's really no reason
I couldn't get away with it again.
So yeah, your little game of playing
dollhouse with me and Veronica...
that's over.
Where's Betty, JD?
I wonder what would happen if I told
the police that you also assaulted me.
That would probably
change things, right?
I mean, come on.
At a certain point, even the patriarchy
has to put two and two together.
Love that you're leaning in, Heather,
but next time,
use a Tic Tac.
Just get rid of Lizzy.
Sorry, Heather, no can do.
Shit.
Mr. Waters, still mentoring
the young women of Sherwood.
Ten dollars a song, nine
if you don't talk to me about your wife.
I hear you know a guy.
I know plenty of guys.
A guy who can help me get something?
Something untraceable?
Why should I help you?
Because I know your situation.
Mr. Duke's lawyer keeps you
on a pretty tight leash, right?
It's such a shame.
All of that money,
and just out of reach.
So, you must go to school
with my step-bitch, Heather.
Know what I'm gonna do
as soon as Heather's human
hospital smell of a father dies?
A naked cartwheel directly
into Nordstrom's Rack.
But until then...
I don't know a guy.
I know a woman.
They call her Dr. Destiny.
Dr. Destiny.
How dramatic.
What's life without a little drama?
Tell her Jade sent you.
I'm here to see Dr. Destiny?
Jade sent me.
Have a seat.
Deep breath.
Let's see who we have next.
Mom?
Let me take a good look at you.
-I need a...
-I know what my son needs.
The question is...
what does my son need it for?
Does it matter?
"Does it matter?"
Why are you always pulling my dick?
Of course, it matters.
Everything matters.
Let me guess.
You think it's all meaningless,
don't you?
Just random chaos?
Have you ever read  Moby Dick?
I was supposed to, but...
I used to think that  Moby Dick was about
how it's futile to rebel
against authority.
The white whale will always win.
But now that I'm in a better place...
I know that that's not the point.
Save the speeches for Malcolm X.
I just want a gun.
I know.
What teenager wants to hear words
of wisdom from their mother, right?
But JD...
JD...
I am not telling you
to stop searching for the whale.
I'm telling you to go out there...
and drain the ocean.
You're thinking too small, JD.
The takeaway here
isn't to go smaller
because it doesn't matter.
It's to go bigger.
You do the same amount of time
for killing one asshole
as you do a thousand assholes, right?
So, whatever you do...
make sure it matters.
Here.
It's on the house.
I don't need it where I am now.
Jealous much?
Lizzy?
I just wanted to let you know,
you're about the only person
I respect in this school.
Heather Chandler tried
to use you as a prop,
and then you turned her
into a side table.
Something tells me
you've had a lifetime of practice.
True. Who are you again?
Just a fan.
I saw your rehearsal.
You've truly shined
a light on Westerburg.
That's so sweet.
Arms out.
Come through.
Stand aside for me. Arms out.
Gun! Gun!
Get off of me! I'm serious!
Everybody, back up! Back up!
What the hell is going on?
No, get off of me.
-Loaded.
-No, that's not mine.
No, I swear, I wasn't...
"They will all pay
for how they treated me."
That's not my gun.
No, that is not mine.
Somebody gave that to me.
No, I swear! Think that
I would bring a gun?
Heather, tell them
I wouldn't bring a gun!
No!
I'm just so happy to be alive.
To think she was coming
for me this whole time.
Oh, I think the note was actually
directed toward all of us, Pauline.
I don't see what she'd
want with you, Maurice,
but, you know, if that's
what you need to process this...
You're a sick woman.
I heard her whole closet
was filled with grenades
and she was gonna chuck them at us
until we all exploded into a fiery mess.
Rad.
"Never tell a lie," says
Ohio's biggest liar.
JD?
A word.
I know what you've been up to, JD.
You smell like cigarettes
and beef jerky.
You're sleeping with my stepmom.
I really don't have time
for this, Heather.
I don't know what kind of game
you think you're playing, JD,
but trust me, your STDs
are no match for her STDs.
Wow, okay. I am not
sleeping with Jade, Heather.
Wait.
Are you confronting me about this
-because you're concerned for Veronica?
-No.
Is Heather Duke showing
concern for her friend?
How dare you?
Okay.
Fine.
Just...
promise me you'd never
break Veronica's heart.
I promise, Heather.
Good.
Because I've invested
a lot in blouses this season,
and I can't have her ruining them
by crying her dollar-store mascara
onto my well-tailored shoulder.
Sorry, your bruise is bugging me.
Your eyes are so empty.
Jealous.
Oh, you can do better than that, Dad.
I wouldn't want to hurt my son.
Pain is what makes us stronger.
Is that what your
failed generation believes?
At least we believe in something.
Like lies.
Just like all our founding fathers.
Better than nothing at all.
Is it?
Aren't you supposed to be the generation
that changed a nation founded on lies?
And then we had to get jobs, unlike you.
That little girlfriend of yours
is making you weak.
She's already cracking the whip, huh?
At least with your mom,
it took a few years before...
she lopped my balls off.
I love our quality time, JD.
I'll be in my room.
-JD?
-Veronica.
-Your dad let me in.
-What's wrong?
Look.
-Who's doing this?
-I'll take care of her.
Oh, Heather.
Heather, I know you're in here.
This explains so much.
Oh, shit.
Wondering why it smelled
like a boy band tour bus in here!
What are you doing in my house?
Shit.
We had a deal, Heather!
And what does that have to do with you
breaking into my house, you psycho?
I already killed you once.
I really hate having to repeat myself.
Burn, bitch.
Come on, Heather. Say one
of your clever burns and finish me.
Gladly.
Ah, the irony of killing you
with your own second-place trophy.
-What the hell do you want?
-I want you to stop texting me!
Texting you?
JD, I would never darken my contacts
with your phone number.
Shit.
It wasn't you.
Oh, my God. Literally
everybody is obsessed with me.
What is...
What the...
"Dear Diary, by now, if everything's
gone according to plan,
JD should be reading this.
If only he'd even once stopped and
looked at things from my point of view,
I wouldn't have to do this.
But he didn't.
And so now he's left me no choice.
I thought he was different, Diary.
I thought JD could see that...
I wasn't just some nobody,
some nothing.
I thought he saw...
the real Veronica Sawyer.
But he did what everyone does to me,
just see what they want to see.
The sweet girl, the relatable girl,
the girl that you can see yourself in.
Well, fuck that.
I'm not here for you,
I'm not here for them,
and I am certainly not here
for some stupid guy.
And if only JD had paid attention,
he'd know what I was capable of,
but instead, he chose to kiss
Betty fucking Finn, and then worse,
lie about it,
just like General Westerburg.
A lie is a lie is a lie,
and if JD thought that guy
had to pay for being a liar
by blowing up his stupid statue...
then JD should have to pay
for being a liar too."
You shouldn't have lied
about kissing Betty.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org